How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It was nice seeing the old and new versions of the file to compare the changes.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having the entire history of a file will allow you to see the changes made to the file, whether good or bad, to determine the best practices going forward when
using this file, as well as using this file for other applications.

What do you think the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The pros of manually choosing to create a commit are that you are able to view each recorded change to the application/file. If you create an enormous amount of changes between each version
of the file, it may be harder and more time-consuming to find the changes made between files.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I believe this to be the case because one commit to a certain file can have effects on other related files that work with it. Changing a variable name in one file would have to be changed
in other related files.

How can you use the command git log and git diff to view the history of the files?

To do this, you first clone the repository by typing the following:

: git clone URL

Then to view the differences between each commit, type the following:

: git diff 1stID 2ndID

Press "q" to quit scrolling

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

By creating a log of all the changes you've made to the program, you can track specifically when and where the "break" code is located.

Now that you have your workspace set up. what do you want to try using Git for?

I would like to use Git to help maintain status updates when creating new Javascript API web applications for EPA personnel to use.